OBSDOCS-594 + OBSDOCS-567: Logging upgrading docs and mCLF note (#66749)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/cluster-logging-upgrading.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:context: cluster-logging-upgrading
[id="cluster-logging-upgrading"]

> = Updating Logging

Reviewer: Is there any reason to drop "openshift" here?

Author: Because it didn't match what was in the left nav and we're supposed to keep them consistent

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> There are two types of {logging} updates: minor release updates (5.x.x) and major release updates (5.x).

Reviewer 2: nit: Do you think it makes sense aligning the versioning we use internally to customers as well instead of just calling it `x`
```suggestion
There are two types of {logging} updates: minor release updates (5.y.z) and major release updates (5.y).
```

Author: I like this much better

[id="cluster-logging-upgrading-minor"]
== Minor release updates

If you installed the {logging} Operators using the *Automatic* update approval option, your Operators receive minor version updates automatically. You do not need to complete any manual update steps.

If you installed the {logging} Operators using the *Manual* update approval option, you must manually approve minor version updates. For more information, see xref:../operators/admin/olm-upgrading-operators.adoc#olm-approving-pending-upgrade_olm-upgrading-operators[Manually approving a pending Operator update].

[id="cluster-logging-upgrading-major"]
== Major release updates

> For major version updates, for example, to update your cluster from version 5.6 to version 5.7, you must complete some manual steps.

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit afraid that the wording here might make it unclear about which manual steps are we talking about 🤔 Are we talking about manual steps to upgrade from one major version to the other or are we talking about manual steps to upgrade from 5.6 to 5.7?

Author: One major version to another, I was just trying to include an example to make it clearer, but maybe it's clearer without?

> For major release version compatibility and support information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#logging[Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Life Cycle Policy].

Author: lol yep, it looks like this was just changed today actually

> For major release version compatibility and support information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#logging[Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Life Cycle Policy].

Author: New link: https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift_operators#platform-agnostic
